Nearest Dongyuan City
A highly controversial criminal case has arisen
Fiance two days before marriage
Raped his fiancee
No fiancee reported the arrest
Let's understand what the parties say
Restore the original appearance of the case
That guy is a scum
My girl thinks of him everywhere
But he didn't even want to pay the interview fee
Just want to help take the bait
The poor project was so defiled by him.
Do you have any evidence for that?
Of course there is.
He confessed.
Let me show you.
That's right, I know Yang Ming
Why does that sound so familiar?
I just raped him powerless dad
What are you talking about?
Hey, what's wrong with this car?
What are you doing?
Go to the ambulance
Don't call the old man away, I'll call an ambulance for you
You hold on
Hey doctor that dad
Daughter, he is the one who saved me last time. Go
Now go to Du Yuan's room to find him, your father
What are you talking about?
How could such a person be a benefactor?
Absolutely can't be wrong
Now go ahead and book your flight to find him
My dad?
You are not in good health
You can't travel.
So I brought him here to meet you
OK
Go out drinking on Mother's Day. If you lose, you can go.
How is Xiaoxue's mother?
Mom, she's in the hospital now.
What the doctor said is almost dead
What? Go to the hospital